[docs] [serve] reformat page to standardize on Train format (#42554)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/serve/tutorials/batch.md

## Define the Deployment
Open a new Python file called `tutorial_batch.py`. First, import Ray Serve and some other helpers.

```{literalinclude} ../doc_code/tutorial_batch.py
:end-before: __doc_import_end__
:start-after: __doc_import_begin__
```

You can use the `@serve.batch` decorator to annotate a function or a method.
This annotation automatically causes Ray Serve to batch calls to the function together.

> The function must handle a list of objects and Ray Serve calls it with a single object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The function is called with a single object but must take in and handle a list of objects. This allows Ray Serve to batch together multiple function and pass the calls' inputs into the function as a list.
```

Author: TY! Who calls the function? I'm hoping there's a way to write the first sentence in active voice.

    pass
```

> Ray Serve can then call the batch handler from another `async def` method in your deployment.

Reviewer: Ray Serve doesn't call this handler. The user's code calls it. I believe the old sentence was trying to say "You can call this batch handler from another `async def` method in your deployment."

I'm not sure how to express this without saying "You can" though. Maybe we can just drop that phrase? "Call this batch handler from another `async def` method in your deployment."

Author: reverted

Ray Serve batches and executes these calls together, but returns an individual result as if

> they were a single function call:

Author: @shrekris-anyscale - is this rewrite technically accurate?

Reviewer: Not quite– Ray Serve doesn't call the batch handler from another `async def` method. The user's code calls the batch handler.

Author: reverted

:::{note}
By default, Ray Serve performs *opportunistic batching*. This means that as

> soon as it calls the batch handler, it executes the method without

Reviewer: Serve doesn't call the batch handler. It gets called by the user's code.

```suggestion
soon as the batch handler is called, Serve executes the method without
```

Author: reverted

print("Result returned:", results)
```

You should get an output like the following. The first batch has a 

> batch size of 1, and the subsequent queries have a batch size of 4. Even though Ray Serve issues each 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
batch size of 1, and the subsequent queries have a batch size of 4. Even though the client script issues each 
```

Author: TY! Is the client script the previous code snippet?

print("Result batch is", results)
```

Finally, run the script.
```console
$ python tutorial_batch.py
```

You should get an output similar to the previous example.

## Troubleshooting

You may see the following error:

```console

> TypeError: Descriptors cannot not be created directly.

Reviewer: @architkulkarni it looks like you added this section in #33136 due to a broken dependency. Do we still need it?

Author: When I hear back from Archit, I'll open a separate PR if needed.

Reviewer 2: We don't need it any more
